- [Narrator] Will now go through a few
of the more common ways
of interacting with buckets themselves.
Again, this is just a snapshot of the SDK.
So, back on our Python file,
let's create a few more methods.
The first one that we're going to create is to list
the objects in our bucket.
To do that we simply need to know,
which bucket we want to list.
We will do a try once again.
And this time we're going to do a response.
And we're going to jump into
the actual low level client instead of using the resource,
we're going to jump into this client just to show you
how this works.
And we will call list objects on that client
and we'll pass it the bucket that we want.
Now, we will create an objects list
and we'll unpack this response.
So, for content in response
and this is a dictionary.
So in the response, there's an element called contents,
we're going to get each element in there.
And we will simply do an object.append.
And from our content, which is also a dictionary,
we'll pull out to key.
This will get us all of the objects
in our bucket.
Now, I want to do a little bit of printing here just,
so, you can see what's there.
So bucket contains,
we'll look at the length of our objects.
And then we will return those objects
'cause we may need them later.
And we will accept on a client error,
as, ce, then we will
print the error, excellent.
So, the next operation I'll introduce you to
is the copy file.
To do this, we need a source bucket,
a destination bucket,
a source key and a destination key.
And then of course, our S3 resource.
Now, to copy we're going to build a dictionary.
And in that dictionary, we will have a bucket,
which is our source bucket.
And we will have a key which as you might imagine,
is our source key.
So now with this dictionary, we will call buckets
and we going to use the destination bucket.
And we will do a copy on that,
we use our source and our destination key.
So, our source dictionary and our destination key.
So to our destination bucket, we'll copy from source,
passing it that value.
Now let's put our accept in.
And we will print out our error,
and that's all there is to that.
So, let's jump down into main here.
And we'll go ahead and leave our uploads,
that way we can get that data back out there.
Let's delete the other methods.
Now we need to create a bucket
and we're going to create it using
our transit bucket name and S3.
And now let's copy a file from our primary bucket
to our transient bucket.
And we'll copy F2 pass,
our S3 resource.
And now I'm going to do a list objects,
and I'm not going to worry about the return
because we're not going to use it.
But it will print out because we told it
to how many objects are there and we expect to see one.
Let's run our program.
And you'll see indeed,
ll2 which is the transit bucket we created
contains one file.
And that's all we all expect.
Let's go over to our console here.
We'll refresh our view.
There is an ll2 file in the transient bucket.
Go ahead and delete that to clean everything back up.
And we will also delete the bucket.
And that's all there is